Type "make" to obtain the executable "torchlight". This program is
based on FF, and takes the basic arguments (PDDL files) in the same
way. Run without arguments to obtain usage instructions. The default
settings are what's reported on in the papers. If you need different
settings, good luck with understanding the explanations in the usage
instructions... you can contact me in case of questions, and with a
bit of luck I'll still remember myself what the respective parameter
is about.

Being based on FF means of course that TorchLight inherits the
difficulties of compiling FF's parser, see there. 

Since TorchLight uses Fast Downwards's translator, it also inherits a
couple of difficulties from that. In fact, the translator included
("GENERATE-VARS" sub-directory) is an old version. It doesn't work
properly on the IPC'04 Promela domains (Dining-Philosophers and
Optical-Telegraph). The experiments reported in the papers use a newer
translator version for (only) these.

Only STRIPS domains are handled correctly by the algorithms. I
included a syntax checker verifying whether the input is Ok (both FF
and Fast Downward in principle parse a much larger PDDL subset), but I
don't guarantee that this syntax checker finds all non-allowed
constructs. So please make sure yourself.

One annoying thing about the current configuration is that the only
way of running the torchlight executable is in a directory, like this
one, that contains the "GENERATE-VARS" sub-directory. This is due to
the way that Fast Downwards's translator is currently being
called. This is probably trivial to fix, but I have not as yet
bothered finding out. If you do fix it, let me know.

Have fun,
Joerg Hoffmann

